Athletic of Madrid and Real Madrid
tied at 2 in the Vicente Calderón in
the Madrid derby corresponding to the
day number 26 of the league bbva mi
show that they gave us the
teams from diego pablo the cholo simeone
and of carlo ancelotti an athletic
madrid that did not arrive in a very good
moment to this derby after losing
all of the last three matches of
league before a madrid that came thrown
after taking the lead in the
previous day and get a very good
result in the league of champions and the
meeting began wonderfully for the
white team because at minute 3
karim benzema marked 0 to 1
corner kick that the Madrid voted
center of di Maria is not out of play
because it enables philipp heroes and the
shot with the left foot of Karim Benzema
to put the whites ahead
and little by little the reaction
athletic of madrid that here claimed
sergio ramos penalty in that set with
diego costa the match referee
thin ferreiro who had a lot
work did not indicate anything at all
this contact between the captain of the
Madrid and the Spanish striker
athletic of madrid
the athletic arrivals of madrid-
center of juanfran ball to the area and
shot of Diego Costa
the coast lime diverted to the left
of the goal defended by Diego Lopez
di maría long shipping - ball for
benzema that turned that way the
ball getting in trouble putting in
courtesy active courtois
and more arrivals from madrid
gareth bale stepping on the ball
for the right thing that was going to end
centered for the spur cap of
cristiano ronaldo double intervention
courtois to prevent the second of the
White started the derby better the madrid
and little by little and as they went
passing the minutes was the athletic of
madrid has balance the match and what
balances so much that in this action that
I was going to score a draw after that
phenomenal action of arda turan shot
of coke for inside was the tie to
euro
he arrived in the 28th minute of the game and
getting the rojiblancos
tie the derby
and the fourth goal this season in league
bbva for jorge resurrection koke ya
root of the goal improved a lot of the
Look what cholo team maneuver
vigo costa and the diego stop noten
to prevent the striker's goal from
mattress box
there they come
and at the station just before the break
was going to get the 2 to 1 fix is ​​the
zapatazo de gabi and the goal of the number
14 of the capital of the athletic one of madrid
despite the flight of Diego Lopez nothing
could the madrid keeper
prevent that second goal of the season
for gaby who did not dial from the month of
October
images of the second time where
he started well the athletic one of madrid and
had some options like this from diego
coast
his shot deflected
there comes the shot
and launch of lack of Christian
ronaldo who was going to claim
insistently penalty for lack of
gabi
there comes the shot
and how to turn the arm of Gary claimed
Christian penalty did not indicate it thin
ferreiro another opportunity for the
athletic of madrid of new diego costa
the chopped head
and deviated
the madrid that as he was advancing
the second half was advancing lines
was cuddling it was squeezing and here
benzema had a very good center option
of modric and volley of karim benzema
He expelled thin ferreiro to german
monkey burgos and notice how the
cholo's assistant they had to
grab among all the members of the
technical staff
of the rojiblanco team so that
abalanzara on thin envelope ferreiro
launch of lack of di maria
mail auction and type intervention
courtois
Madrid came looking for the goal
tie in the rejection
finished with the shot of Xabi Alonso
It arrived in Madrid and so did the
athletic madrid double chance
for the rojiblancos first they do not have
the auction of Diego Costa and then the
center of juanfran completes it fences and the
diego lópez god hand
prevented the goal rojiblanco
there he sees that uncle is the auction
and the hand of diego lópez finished achuchado
al madrid ronaldo christian option
after center of carvajal something all the
three changes the Italian preparer
giving entry to carvajal marcelo and
also to disk only did one the
athletic of madrid entered the onion
rodríguez by arda turan
carvajal corisco and here this error was going to
finish with the 2 to 2 definitive center of
carvajal ball for christian who
I finished off that way to beat active
courtois was 2 to 2 and goal number 23
this season in the bbva league for
Christian ronaldo was not the most
bright Madrid during the derby
but he had this option
and the advantage or ronaldo Christian
after the 2 to 2 in hill the madrid to
athletic of madrid
opportunity right páramo shot high
without operational problems courtois
at the end slender ferreiro critical to
end of the match a ferry that ended with
tie to 2 athletic of madrid 2 real
madrid 2